the staff is going to try to show you
now a hint also of how you
can see on your left alone is going
be a total of a recording I'm going to
show you missing now after
a second visual I'll show
result now for me a third
class I'll show you trying
playing the ball with someone had a
sequence for you to train and try
develop your left block
First the most important is you
know you have to be balanced to
You hit the ball runs for nobody to
position I hope the super
balanced not only in my arm the party
comfortable because what I'm going to try
I'll try to do what I did.
Tragic day try to hit the ball in the
front of the body to end the movement
After I hit the ball
after I performed a movement of
tesco engagement of the ball direction
then you correct the body back to the
your place is the exercise would be more or
least the following no longer loose the ball and
hit the weight goes forward and then you
come back to bring the ball loose and hit
in her company forward
Then you 're going to autograph the parish.
I let the ball hit her because now
if you are facing the court
You have to do what falls into it.
position only you will use the steps
adjustment that he looks at
the point of your place I think justice
go to the loose the ball hits it a
blow low readjust was face hits her
go ahead
Old ottey
I think the people who to you is about the
Good father rock
however for detail after I hit
on the ball
my concern is not what
now it 's going in the hallway
I'm directing the ball to the consumer.
so my body has to follow the
thing I correct aisle and back to
another ball is then observe prove that
five corridor area here in front of
front
made to qualify the greatest movement
just today the new tests watches
moving in the race is the same thing
of course comes the new steps for the
fact
OK
note that this exercise to work
with two things same time one of them is
You learn to hit the ball.
who would say that I know of the child
ball and in the other one I know
at the same time you are learning to
Target the ball when you want to
if that would be what supporter
in sequence and I go to that same
exercise another visual is with someone
dropping the ball to the front line
after the third recording I tried
hit the ball with someone using the same
Hall
the exercise you will learn to
do what the canopy ends its blow
learn to continue their strength to their
body
the one in order of legal preference